What did you say? Who has a car?
That Chengyu really doesn’t want to be alive anymore!
I praise the general God all day long!
What else are you trying? Call the nine war gods immediately!
If you don’t agree with me, you can come out! All!
So dissatisfied!
Aren’t you a queen? I’ve been arresting you for so long!
Why haven’t you heard any news about salvation?
I can already hear the sound of wheels in my ears
My nerves are already rushing to kill the cloud soldiers.
You'll hear this kind of news, right?
Then I'll help you get it right
Ninety-eight seventy-six
We are our Presidents.
GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP GROUP
group group group